---
title: "Dreams of 2021-09-21"
date: 2021-09-21
tags:
  - surrealism
  - dream
  - english
author: "Vicente Manuel Muñoz Milchorena"
---
A dream where stand like powers make changes on the world around them.

## Story
In a remote location, a man arrives to what seems to be a beach where a pizzeria
is working their normal shift.

He comes in and says that they are not following the normal procedures and
requirements, missing on several critical items, he also walks out and starts
talking to people outside to show them how he can help them out get the zone
beautified.

With his own power he begins growing flowers and changing the area of a small
park, the park recovers its life but there is a small block on one of the stairs
that remains empty, the man tells them that he will put in a surprise there that
will be to the liking of everyone.

Back at the pizzeria the owner comes in, a rich person who has a large house
nearby, who tells them the franchise is doing the same as other ones located
in the region but brings in a missing camera which is exactly like the one
located on the entrance (this is important).

At night the people have gathered at the park, the man goes into the house
and is searching around while the guards are roaming the nearby area and the
beach.

The man finds the daughter of the owner, she seems to be really knownleadgable
and is not surprised or alarmed by the man showing up at the office belonging
to her father.

In a surprise twist she steals the keys to a car and the man follows, they then
move outside and have to go around the guards by distracting them with an incident
at the pizzeria nearby.

When they manage to go out in the car they continue driving until the morning,
there the man notices that the girl has her chakras tainted and is holding back
her true power which he begins releasing by extending his transformative power
to release it.
