---
title: Forfeit Order, a Call of Cthulhu Campaign
author: Vicente Manuel Munoz Milchorena
keywords: [call of cthulhu, table-top campaign, setting]
abstract: A Call of Cthulhu Campaign set in 1919 in Germany
---

There is no clear order in things, we have forced itself upon things that work 
fine on their own.

But that does not mean that chaos is in itself everything that is around us,
we put order into things so that we can make out what is happening here and
there.

Does this make sense? Maybe, this is just an idea of how things work in
our society, but understandably this does not open a space for us to better
understand reality around us, we are making things more complicated just
from trying to define what is that which is in front of us.

## Enough of that

This is both an idea, a setting and a story, with or without characters that
we may identify or make ourselves relatable to.

In 1919 the world is yet to find order, a World War has completely decimated
nations in Europe and redefined what we know as nations, cultures and in the
long run will also fuel rivalries that will trigger into the next event.

For now we concentrate on the catastrophe that has been triggered and how
everyone is trying to put order into things, or attempting to at least.

The Weimar republic is failing in its current state, while it will continue
to live on shortly it is still solving issues that had been kept secret
for a long period of time.

Rumors existed of __Death Factories__, which the government denied existing.

Their reality is much more complicated than being or not being, it is the
involvement of certain groups that made the intent real. 

The factories are not looking to kill or purge, instead they are trying to 
understand how to put the dead back into a living state to create a new breed 
of soldiers that can withstand the hardships of a new kind of war.

It has eluded science, how can death be evaded or in a way prevented, but
another answer that came to mind was: __How can we take advantage of death?__

Delving into the macabre arts of necromancy and magic is not an issue for minds
ready to cross the veil imposed onto them, breaking through the ideas of science
and logic.

__The Orange Bureau__, having become aware of this throughout the war, primarily
through incidents related to the __Missing Batallion__, the investigations 
proceeded and reached to the conclusion that the __Silver Tree__ was involved.

The results of the investigations may vary but there is a location that
__Ishmael Gambeson__ has identified where outside members of the Bureau travel
to for verification.